Updating webhook docs (#816)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/reference-guides/rancher-webhook.md

It integrates with Kubernetes' extensible admission controllers, as described in the [Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/), which allows Rancher-Webhook to inspect specific requests sent to the Kubernetes API server, and add custom, Rancher-specific validation and mutations to the requests that are specific to Rancher. Rancher-Webhook manages the resources to be validated using the `rancher.cattle.io` `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration` and the `rancher.cattle.io` `MutatingWebhookConfiguration`, and will override any manual edits.
Rancher deploys Rancher-Webhook as a separate deployment and service in both local and downstream clusters. Rancher manages Rancher-Webhook using Helm. It's important to note that Rancher may override modifications made by users to the Helm release.

> Each Rancher version is designed to be compatible with a single version of the webhook. The compatible versions are provided below for convienence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Rancher version is designed to be compatible with a single version of the webhook. The compatible versions are provided below for convenience.
```

> **Note:** Rancher manages deployment and upgrade of the webhook, so in most circumstances no user intervention should be necessary to ensure that the Running Rancher/Webhook versions are compatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Rancher manages deployment and upgrade of the webhook, so in most circumstances no user intervention should be necessary to ensure that the running Rancher/Webhook versions are compatible.
```

> **Note:** Rancher manages deployment and upgrade of the webhook, so in most circumstances no user intervention should be necessary to ensure that the running Rancher/Webhook versions are compatible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** Rancher manages deployment and upgrade of the webhook. Under most circumstances, no user intervention should be needed to ensure that the webhook version is compatible with the version of Rancher that you are running.
```

| Rancher Version | Webhook Version |
|-----------------|:---------------:|
| v2.7.0          |     v0.3.0      |
| v2.7.1          |     v0.3.0      |
| v2.7.2          |     v0.3.2      |
| v2.7.3          |     v0.3.3      |
| v2.7.4          |     v0.3.4      |
| v2.7.5          |     v0.3.5      |
| v2.7.6          |     v0.3.5      |

## Why Do We Need It?

Rancher-Webhook is crucial for Rancher to protect clusters against malicious attacks and enable various features.
Rancher relies on the Rancher-Webhook as an integral part of its functionality. Without the webhook, Rancher would not be a complete product. 
It provides essential protection for Rancher-managed clusters, preventing security vulnerabilities and ensuring the consistency and stability of the cluster.

## What Resources Does the Webhook Validate?

> An in-progress list of the resources that the webhook validates can be found in the [webhook's repo](https://github.com/rancher/webhook/blob/release/v0.4/docs.md). Checks specific to one version can be found by viewing the `docs.md` file associated with a particular tag (note that webhook versions prior to `v0.3.6` won't have this file).

Reviewer 3: Since `docs.md` does not have any information on the formatting could you make a note that the file is separated by group version then Kinds

Author: I struggled a bit on how to phrase this, let me know if what is there is what you were thinking. I'm thinking it might be more helpful to recommend users use `ctrl + f` to find the resource that they are interested in - I think users who understand the Group/Version/Resource distinction would be able to quickly intuit the structure of the file.

Reviewer 3: What you have works.

## Bypassing the Webhook

> Sometimes, it may be necessary to bypass Rancher's webhook validation to perform emergency restore operations, or fix other critical issues. The bypass operation is exhaustive, meaning that no webhook checks will apply when this is used. It is not possible to bypass some checks and have others still apply - they are either all bypassed, or all active. 

Reviewer 3: Also not that no mutations will be added to the object.

Author: I've update this to include language which references both mutations and validations, let me know if that fits what you were thinking.

:::danger

Rancher's webhook provides critical security protections. Bypassing the webhook should only be done by administrators in specific scenarios, after all other options have been exhausted. In addition, permission to bypass the webhook should be carefully controlled, and never given to users who are not admins.

:::

To bypass the webhook, impersonate both the `rancher-webhook-sudo` service account and the `system:masters` group (both are required):

```bash
kubectl create -f example.yaml --as=system:serviceaccount:cattle-system:rancher-webhook-sudo --as-group=system:masters
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Update my typo below of `rancher-chart/rancher-webhook` -> `rancher-charts/rancher-webhook`

Author: I'd rather keep the scope of this doc narrow, particularly since those instructions need more details to work (even with the typo the instructions don't work since helm can't function due to the webhook blocking secrets access). That being said, I can give it a look.

Author: I've attempted to update this with more instructions, lmk if you have any further comments. I'll resolve this in favor of comments on the new diff.

Rancher relies on the Rancher-Webhook as an integral part of its functionality. Without the webhook, Rancher would not be a complete product. 
It provides essential protection for Rancher-managed clusters, preventing security vulnerabilities and ensuring the consistency and stability of the cluster.

> ## What resources does the webhook validate?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## What Resources Does the Webhook Validate?
```
I know you didn't write the first heading ("Why do we need it?"), but could you please correct it so that the words are in title case instead of sentence case?

Author: Changed both this and the other heading.

> An in-progress list of the resources that the webhook validates can be found in the [webhook's repo](https://github.com/rancher/webhook/blob/release/v0.4/docs.md). Checks specific to one version can be found by viewing the `docs.md` file associated with a particular tag (note that webhook versions prior to `v0.3.6` won't have a version).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An in-progress list of the resources that the webhook validates can be found in the [webhook's repo](https://github.com/rancher/webhook/blob/release/v0.4/docs.md). You can find checks specific to one version by viewing the `docs.md` file associated with a particular tag. Note that webhook versions prior to `v0.3.6` won't have a version tag.
```

Reviewer: Is there a place we/users can find the Rancher version:Webhook version relationship?

Author: @btat You are right on the wording, the file is what is missing, not the version.

> Is there a place we/users can find the Rancher version:Webhook version relationship?

Unfortunately there isn't a good answer here. There's ~4 places that users can get this from:
1. The Rancher repo ([example](https://github.com/rancher/rancher/blob/d395864008ca5e19611ee080ee7f5338df46192d/package/Dockerfile#L61)), but this will require reading source code and I'll need to explain that it's the end part (i.e. the part after `+up`) that matters here.
2. The `rancher-webhook-min-version` and `rancher-webhook-version` settings, but this is inconsistent from version to version (newer versions will use version, older ones will use min-version) and I still need to explain the end part like in the first option
3. The webhook deployment's image tag. I can write a kubectl command for this, but an admin would need to execute it (hosted rancher customers would not be able to use this command).
4. The version of the application installed, which you can use the UI to browse (also requires the ability to view the local cluster and the ability to parse the version syntax like options 1 and 2).

Do you have a preference on which of these options (if any) I should use?

Reviewer: I would lean towards option 1 since it only requires web access (and a bit of understanding) or maybe adding a table with the version associations that the Docs team maintains.

Author: Ok, I can implement that. 

For what it's worth, there's a planned improvement to our build system (https://github.com/rancher/rancher/pull/42000) - if/when that goes in, there should be a single, easy to read-file containing the version in a more understandable syntax, so it might get easier to read over time.

Author: I was implementing the guidance here, and figured it would be easier to just put a list together of the current versions for 2.7. I'll get the table going.

Author: I've added a table for all currently released 2.7 versions. I also added some information on Rancher versions and the compatibility with the webhook - please give that a look.

> ## Bypassing the webhook

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Bypassing the Webhook
```

> In certain use cases, it may be necessary to bypass the validation that the webhook provides in order to perform emergency restore operations, or fix other critical issues. The bypass operation is exhaustive, meaning that no checks of the webhook will apply when this is used. It is not possible to bypass some checks and have others still apply - they are either all bypassed, or all active. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sometimes it may be necessary to bypass webhook validation to perform emergency restore operations, or fix other critical issues. The bypass operation is exhaustive, meaning that no webhook checks will apply when this is used. It is not possible to bypass some checks and have others still apply - they are either all bypassed, or all active. 
```

:::danger

> Rancher's webhook provides critical security protections. Bypassing the webhook should only be done by Administrators in specific scenarios, after all other options have been exhausted. In addition, permission to bypass the webhook should be carefully controlled, and never given to users who are not Admins.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Rancher's webhook provides critical security protections. Bypassing the webhook should only be done by administrators in specific scenarios, after all other options have been exhausted. In addition, permission to bypass the webhook should be carefully controlled, and never given to users who are not admins.
```

:::

> To bypass the webhook, impersonate both the `rancher-webhook-sudo` service account and the `system:masters` group (both are required), like the below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To bypass the webhook, impersonate both the `rancher-webhook-sudo` service account and the `system:masters` group (both are required):
```

Internal error occurred: failed calling webhook "rancher.cattle.io.namespaces.create-non-kubesystem": failed to call webhook: Post "https://rancher-webhook.cattle-system.svc:443/v1/webhook/validation/namespaces?timeout=10s": context deadline exceeded
```
This issue occurs because firewall rules restrict communication between the API server and the private cluster. To resolve this communication problem, users must add firewall rules to allow the GKE control plane to communicate with the Rancher-Webhook on port 9443. Please refer to the [GKE documentation](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/private-clusters#add_firewall_rules) for detailed information and steps on updating the firewall rules.

> ### Application Fails to Deploy due to rancher-webhook blocking access

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Application Fails to Deploy Due to rancher-webhook Blocking Access
```

> The webhook provides extra validations on [namespaces](https://github.com/rancher/webhook/blob/release/v0.4/docs.md#psa-label-validation). One of these validations ensures that users can only update PSA relevant labels if they have the proper permissions (`updatepsa` for `projects` in `management.cattle.io`). This can result in specific operators (such as tigera or trident) which attempt to deploy namespaces with PSA labels failing to deploy these resources. There are several ways that this issue can be resolved:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The webhook provides extra validations on [namespaces](https://github.com/rancher/webhook/blob/release/v0.4/docs.md#psa-label-validation). One of these validations ensures that users can only update PSA-relevant labels if they have the proper permissions (`updatepsa` for `projects` in `management.cattle.io`). This can result in specific operators, such as tigera or trident, attempting to deploy namespaces with PSA labels that fail to deploy these resources. There are several ways to resolve this issue:
```

Reviewer: Multiple instances of:
`trident` -> `Trident`
`tigera` -> `Tigera`

Author: I've made some slight wording changes to the proposed changes - I will leave this un-resolved until we agree

> - The application (e.g. tigera/trident) should be configured to create a namespace with no PSA permissions/labels. If users which to apply a PSA to these namespaces, they can add them to a project with the desired PSA after configuration. See the [docs on PSS and PSA resources](../../how-to-guides/new-user-guides/authentication-permissions-and-global-configuration/pod-security-standards) for more information on how to perform this operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Configure the application (e.g. tigera/trident) to create a namespace with no PSA permissions or labels. If users wish to apply a PSA to these namespaces, they can add them to a project with the desired PSA after configuration. See the [docs on PSS and PSA resources](../../how-to-guides/new-user-guides/authentication-permissions-and-global-configuration/pod-security-standards) for instructions on how.
```

  - This is the preferred option, though not all applications can be configured in this fashion.

> - Users can manually grant the operator permissions to manage PSAs for namespaces.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Manually grant the operator permissions to manage PSAs for namespaces.
```

>   - This option will introduce new security risks, since this operator will now be able to set the PSA for the namespaces it has access to. This could allow the operator to deploy a privileged pod (or effect cluster takeover through other means).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - This option will introduce security risks, since the operator will now be able to set the PSA for the namespaces it has access to. This could allow the operator to deploy a privileged pod, or effect cluster takeover through other means.
```

> - A User with the proper permissions can pre-create the namespace with the appropriate configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A user account with the proper permissions can pre-create the namespace with the appropriate configuration.
```

  - This option depends on the ability of the application to handle existing resources.

## Issues on Specific Versions

> **Note:** This section contains an incomplete listing of high-severity issues affecting specific Rancher/webhook versions. In most cases, these can be resolved by upgrading to a more recent Rancher version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** The following is an incomplete list of high-severity issues affecting specific Rancher/webhook versions. In most cases, these issues can be resolved by upgrading to a more recent Rancher version.
```

> ### Incompatible webhook version on Rollback

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Incompatible Webhook Version on Rollback
```

> **Note:** This affects rolling back to Rancher versions prior to `v2.7.5`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** This affects rolling back to Rancher v2.7.5 or earlier.
```

> Rancher users who rollback to a version of rancher before `v2.7.5` may see webhook versions higher than is acceptable for the pre-2.7.5 version of Rancher in downstream clusters. This may lead to various incompatability issues (such as the issue where Project Members can't create namespaces). In addition, when rolling back to versions before the webhook was installed in downstream clusters, the webhook may remain installed, which can result in similar compatability issues. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you rollback to Rancher v2.7.5 or earlier, you may see webhook versions that are too recent to be compatible with downstream clusters running pre-v2.7.5 version of Rancher. This may cause various incompatibility issues. For example, project members may be unable to create namespaces. In addition, when you roll back to versions before the webhook was installed in downstream clusters, the webhook may remain installed, which can result in similar incompatibility issues. 
```

Reviewer: In the suggested change, `rollback` -> `roll back` in the first sentence

> To help alleviate these issues, users can run the [adjust-downstream-webhook](https://github.com/rancherlabs/support-tools/tree/master/adjust-downstream-webhook) shell script after rollback, which will select/install the proper webhook version (or remove the webhook enitrely) for the corresponding Rancher version. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To help alleviate these issues, you can run the [adjust-downstream-webhook](https://github.com/rancherlabs/support-tools/tree/master/adjust-downstream-webhook) shell script after rollback. The script selects and installs the proper webhook version (or removes the webhook enitrely) for the corresponding Rancher version. 
```

Reviewer: Typo in the suggestion. `enitrely` -> entirely

> ### Project Members can't create namespaces 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Project Members Can't Create Namespaces 
```

**Note:** This affects Rancher versions `v2.7.2 - v2.7.4`

> Non-owner project users in the affected versions may not be able to create namespaces in projects. This issue is caused due to the webhook errantly upgrading itself to a version compatible with a future version of Rancher. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Project users who aren't owners may not be able to create namespaces in projects. This issue is caused by the webhook upgrading itself to a version compatible with a more recent version of Rancher than the version installed in the project. 
```

Did I understand this correctly in the rewrite?

Author: Not quite - There's one version of Rancher which is managing all projects (not specific to a given project). The webhook is incompatible with the currently installed version of Rancher.

I've adjusted the logic to be closer to what I wrote here, lmk if you have any additional suggestions.

> To help alleviate these issues, users can run the [adjust-downstream-webhook](https://github.com/rancherlabs/support-tools/tree/master/adjust-downstream-webhook) shell script after rollback, which will select/install the proper webhook version (or remove the webhook enitrely) for the corresponding Rancher version. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To help alleviate these issues, you can run the [adjust-downstream-webhook](https://github.com/rancherlabs/support-tools/tree/master/adjust-downstream-webhook) shell script after rollback. The script selects and installs the proper webhook version (or removes the webhook enitrely) for the corresponding Rancher version. 
```
